Singapore-based e-commerce platform Shopee has introduced Shopee Hotel to help users search, book, and get instant confirmation for hotel bookings.

Shopee users in Singapore, Malaysia, Thailand, Taiwan, Indonesia, Vietnam, and the Philippines will be able to book hotels, resorts, homes, and apartments on Agoda and Booking.com on Shopee Hotel.

They will also be able to plan travel itineraries within the app and when browsing for accommodations, users will be able to discover top landmarks near their chosen hotels, which can help them to explore local enclaves, neighborhoods, and attractions.

The launch of Shopee Hotel comes as consumers are planning holidays as domestic and international travel gradually re-opens in the region.

Agoda’s search data in September also shows that searches for domestic stays have risen by over 57% compared to May this year. There has also been an increase of 37% more users in South East Asia searching for international destinations.

Shopee hopes Shopee Hotel will provide users with greater savings and exclusive travel deals, while also increasing the reach and visibility of hotel partners to boost domestic and international tourism.

“We are pleased to partner with leading travel platforms, Agoda and Booking.com to launch Shopee Hotel, which serves to provide our users with easy access to a wider variety of travel products and experiences,” said Terence Pang, the chief operating officer at Shopee.

“We also look forward to supporting the recovery of local travel and related tourism industries by promoting fun staycation ideas together with hotel partners. We invite everyone to travel safely and earn greater savings by booking their next holiday through Shopee Hotel.”

Damien Pfirsch, chief commercial officer, at Agoda, added: “Travelers know and trust Agoda and Booking.com to help make travel easier, because we are passionate about using our technology to connect people with the widest choice and greatest value deals, whether they are in Asia or across the world.”

“This partnership with Shopee, the first with a regional e-commerce partner, will conveniently bring these great deals to Shopee customers, on a platform they are familiar with. At the same time, we can better support our hotel partners and tourism operators by connecting them to the biggest online community of shoppers in Southeast Asia. Such partnerships will help accelerate the recovery of the domestic and global travel and tourism industry in the long term.”